---
layout: post
title: Hello 2X SDK!
---

It has been almost half a year since the official announcement of our 2X series 3D scanners. The new scanners are much faster and more powerful than the previous generation. Many third-party developers keep asking us whether the SDK is available for the new scanners. The answer now is YES!

## Design philosophy

In addition to the new ability to control our 2X scanners, the structures, interfaces and developing manners are completedly redesigned from scratch. The core idea for designing is that we want to help 3rd-party developers develop as fast as possible. Therefore three main advantages of this new SDK are:

- **Stability**. The controlling kernel of this new SDK is also used in our official 2X controlling software, i.e. EXScanPro. Internally, the SDK team and the EXScanPro team share the same code base. It has been tested thoroughly. We treat our partners as our own product team, building powerful apps on a solid kernel just like us.
- **Flexibility**. The SDK itself is an executable now, and talks to other apps via ZMQ. Since ZMQ is available for most common programming languages, the developers are free to choose the developing languages as they like, e.g. Python, C# etc.
- **Availability**. The SDK is very important not only for 3rd-party developers but also ourselves. To help developers understand the usage of the interfaces and the ideas behind the commands, we try hard to provide detailed docs and featured demos. And we make use of modern coding tools and platforms like GitHub issues & pages to talk to & listen from developers.

## Stay tuned!

The current release is just an alpha version. We'll keep adding new features as well as fixing bugs. This website is the official blogging place where we'll post changelogs. So stay tuned! And welcome feedback!